Add more schemas to validate against (#1130)
mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form: docs/validation.md

>   received as second argument.
> - The `validate()` function is called **after** the JSON schema validation.

### Custom schema validation

> To have your schemas validated against any other meta schema than draft-07 (the current version of [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)), make sure your schema has `$schema` field that enables validator to use correct meta schema. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have your schemas validated against any other meta schema than draft-07 (the current version of [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)), make sure your schema has a `$schema` attribute that enables the validator to use the correct meta schema. For example:
```

> To have your schemas validated against any other meta schema than draft-07 (the current version of [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)), make sure your schema has a `$schema` attribute that enables the validator to use the correct meta schema. For example:

Author: that is intentional, look at `(the current`

```json 
{
  "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
  ...
}
```

> Then pass your meta schemas as `metaSchema` prop to your to your `Form` component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that react-jsonschema-form only supports the latest version of JSON Schema, draft-07, by default. To support additional meta schemas, you need to install `ajv` and import them, then pass your meta schemas through the `metaSchema` prop to your `Form` component:
```

```jsx

> const metaSchema=YOUR_SCHEMA;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const metaSchema= require("ajv/lib/refs/json-schema-draft-04.json");
```

render((
  <Form schema={schema}
        metaSchema={metaSchema} />
), document.getElementById("app"));
```

> `metaSchema` also accepts array of meta schemas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metaSchema` also accepts an array of meta schemas:
```

To have your schemas validated against any other meta schema than draft-07 (the current version of [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)), make sure your schema has a `$schema` attribute that enables the validator to use the correct meta schema. For example:

```json
{
  "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
  ...
}
```

> Note that react-jsonschema-form only supports the latest version of JSON Schema, draft-07, by default. To support additional meta schemas pass them through the `additionalMetaSchemas` prop to your `Form` component:

Reviewer: That's great, thanks for the update. Although all of `ajv` is still downloaded when working on it in a development environment, if you don't explicitly import `ajv/lib/refs/json-schema-draft-04.json` then that schema won't be added to the generated bundle -- so @glasserc 's point still holds. :)

> Note that react-jsonschema-form only supports the latest version of JSON Schema, draft-07, by default. To support additional meta schemas pass them through the `additionalMetaSchemas` prop to your `Form` component:

Author: It is added
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17271979/52086588-91f48c80-25a7-11e9-8b33-7c9461579e31.png)

It's also in CRA, even without installing `RJSF`, `ajv` is dependency of `webpack` and it seems that it always installs itself with draft-04 few versions. Those 4 are already installed with RJSF 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17271979/52086798-16dfa600-25a8-11e9-8ccb-8e6587120569.png)
